Gwenevere Abriel: sera Nia
Saraniah Aston: Yes.
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's talk about connection for just a second. I'm in
Gwenevere Abriel: Outskirts of
Gwenevere Abriel: A Santa Fe, and I don't have
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have much
Gwenevere Abriel: And that what I'm referring to is reception. So I want to show you
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is, this is what this looks like. Do you can you see this not delivered
Gwenevere Abriel: So although sometimes I am I can't be sure. I'm receiving messages from you. But this is I just did this morning. So I said hi I received. I can't read it backwards. But something is this text going through now there's see the red. It doesn't go through so
Saraniah Aston: And I
Told you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and I also tried to call you.
Gwenevere Abriel: wouldn't go through so there it's it's making it difficult to do the thing that you asked for, which was to acknowledge a message.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wasn't in Albuquerque dropping someone off at an airport and I real quick texted while I had the ability to do so. And then, of course, I didn't have it.
Saraniah Aston: I
Saraniah Aston: don't really care for any of the reasons, doesn't matter. It's fine.
Saraniah Aston: It is what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, what will you do care about right now, what's important. Let me close this door. So there's no sound.
Gwenevere Abriel: As I'm concerned about how you're doing today and want to help if I can
Gwenevere Abriel: Sweetie, you can be angry, sad if you know I can take it. You can turn it against me. If you want to leave it. I just want. We've always gotten through them together. We just bring it raw.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we come full circle we get through it, you and I, we do it. We've done it before. We can do it again.
Saraniah Aston: What do you want me to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your truth, honey, whatever it is. I just, I want to be here for you, even if it's anger. I want to be here.
Saraniah Aston: I'm tired.
Saraniah Aston: Really prayer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just
Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: Nothing.
Saraniah Aston: To say so. Just ask me questions and I'll give you answers, whatever you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm also on a laptop. So I'm going to do my best to hear your
Gwenevere Abriel: Your what you're saying. I think you said you don't want to say something. You want me to just ask questions.
Saraniah Aston: I said something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. How about this one. Okay. You're doing great.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's so many things that have gone on without you and I meeting face to face. I don't even. I don't even know where to start.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel like there's so many loose ends.
Saraniah Aston: It's okay. I don't care anymore. Okay, I don't care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I care about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't. It feels like a privilege, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be able to do that to be in your life in some small way.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got a question for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That statement. I just made.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there a part of you that doesn't believe that I care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. Okay. I had wondered if that might have been at the heart of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think it goes back to some disconnects over appointments. Do you think that's part of
Saraniah Aston: Where
Saraniah Aston: I think so, yeah.
Okay.
Saraniah Aston: But you know, I was told that, you know, it's all my fault. So, it's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I don't think things are like that, quite like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I got a sense earlier that you didn't want to go into detail. It's completely up to you. We could dive into talking about mom. But if you don't trust me, you probably won't want to do it.
Saraniah Aston: No, I don't.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly. So I feel like I need to earn your trust.
Saraniah Aston: I don't think that's going to happen anymore. I just want to, let's talk about drugs or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Drugs. They suck and they're awesome at the same time, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: They best people lives up so I just we've been able to get through it once I give information. Do you remember any of those moments where once I kind of give another perspective, if we find our way. Do you remember any of those two
Saraniah Aston: Yes, I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. I actually think that we could do it again. I believe in it and you could still if you want to do you want it to like right now are you thinking, boy, I really just want a different therapist. I want to work with someone else.
Saraniah Aston: Basically
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, then how about after today, if I give it a fair shake
Gwenevere Abriel: I can, I can move forward on that. I think we're really good fit.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll have to respect that.
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so we'll give it will give it a shot. If I could sort of give just a couple different perspectives.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't know where it started. But I'm just gonna pick one and then you'll just say, oh, it started long before that, or something like that. Let me see. Now I have. I was flying. There was a near unexpected airplane ride on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: I texted Dr. Solomon and all my client side. Everyone reached them. But that's not where the origin. I think the origin is here. Let's go to May 20
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so here's what I'm picturing on May 18 is a Monday. We're in group and
Gwenevere Abriel: I hear you say in the in the meeting. Oh, I'll see you on Tuesday, which is the 19th
Gwenevere Abriel: At I think you said to 10 or I'm not sure what you said no 110 as I'm always it. But I said, Oh, it's not the 19th. It's a weird day. We don't usually meet on a Wednesday. It's on a Wednesday, you said, oh, okay.
Or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and it's at 110 so we confirmed Wednesday at 110
Saraniah Aston: Mm hmm. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you didn't show up at 110 you showed up it, I think.
Saraniah Aston: I have it written down to 10 so
Saraniah Aston: My dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, tell me what that did to you, like how I how I lost trust because of that. How did, how did that breakdown on what did I
Saraniah Aston: Made me feel it's an absolute piece of shit, actually.
Saraniah Aston: When the girl check me in saying that the reason
Saraniah Aston: Is because I didn't answer.
Saraniah Aston: A text from the night before, confirming my appointment. That's
Saraniah Aston: It's like know
Saraniah Aston: What, how many people are going to talk with my head now.
Saraniah Aston: Apparently with abortion.
Saraniah Aston: Begins with a company
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, yeah, it sounds like it did, but definitely not my intention. Now you know in my texts. I'm trying to make sure that my day is full. So I have clients that are in it, so I can earn an income right
Gwenevere Abriel: So I do it the day before I do a courtesy text. I don't have to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I do it for both of us. You benefit from a reminder. Everybody does.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I benefit from knowing the night before, if I need to schedule someone into that slot.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it worked for everybody.
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't heard anybody say no. Don't send me those reminders everybody seems to like them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now how whoever this girl is that called you.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's not a coordination, whoever it was
Saraniah Aston: Their
Gwenevere Abriel: bedside manner and they're
Saraniah Aston: Delivering Filipina chick.
Saraniah Aston: That usually checks me. Nobody knew
Saraniah Aston: But
Gwenevere Abriel: It didn't, it didn't do a good job.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not why she's wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's misinformation that's literally a misunderstanding. The reason was
Gwenevere Abriel: You did you showed up an hour late like I already had a fellow scheduled. You see, I'm saying I had nothing to do with that text.
Gwenevere Abriel: I really wanted to meet with you because, look, we already had stuff like that we needed to process from before that I really wanted to see you.
Saraniah Aston: And we really thought it was up to 10 so
Saraniah Aston: Again, my fault.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a weird thing though certainly so we were in group and this is what I the part I don't get. And this might be because because of tele health
Gwenevere Abriel: So in grew up and we probably still have the recording. We laugh. We keep him company keeps them. I think for 30 days and I could certainly investigated, if you wanted to. I said, Okay. Oh, I just heard you say the 19th. I'm pretty sure it was something like that. Oh, wait, wait, sir.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's May 20 it's a Wednesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: You acknowledged it. No, I'm trying to say like you went, Oh, I thought was interesting and I said if at 110
Gwenevere Abriel: There was some this sort of this acknowledgement. But here's the problem with me on on my side because I don't want to be insulting to anybody, by saying
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you write it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it seems so rude to say to somebody, because
Saraniah Aston: But what I found was to 10. So that's why I'm saying it's my fault. I'm not, I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But how did I hurt the trust, though. That's the part I don't, I don't know how I failed you.
Saraniah Aston: I'm like, just really trying to get in contact with you and nothing
Saraniah Aston: So, automatically, I assume. Oh blends historic
Saraniah Aston: He doesn't get angry, but is that she is
Saraniah Aston: Because if you weren't she had the decency to say something.
Saraniah Aston: Somebody
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok ok so this stay there for a second. That's important because you had asked for something and you were specific about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I have that I um, I thought I was so I was in session. And I was so deliberate and intentional about doing my say something with you.
Saraniah Aston: But
Gwenevere Abriel: Really, it's not over it, sir Nia you're hurting, and I think angry with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I will find it eventually. But what I said was
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm in session. And then I said, I'm running a group right now. I said, things like that. I texted you back. No, you can see that technology isn't perfect, maybe you didn't receive them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I said I'm in. I said, I'm in session right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I said later I'm in. I mean group, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh here look city see luck and i'll see you Monday. Take care of Gwen. So that's one and then here's green. This is me. I wrote you back.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have an appointment at nine. Let me see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where's the nine o'clock one. Now, we were going to see each other on May 22
Gwenevere Abriel: I wrote you
Gwenevere Abriel: And there was some content in here that I'm totally blind. I don't know what I again that's look how complicated this is just in talking with someone face to face.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you already know I'm not going to navigate that inside of a text.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going to go into because I what I wanted to write as, you know, I don't know what you're referring to.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I'm sorry. You're hurting. Like, that's not going to work in a text, there's
Gwenevere Abriel: Just doesn't work.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you didn't feel acknowledged and I get that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Says, I'm in group, we have a 9am individual therapy tomorrow. Can we meet, then this was Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're asking to meet
Gwenevere Abriel: Lost
Gwenevere Abriel: Too much time has passed. It's hard for me to pull out the kind of facts of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you felt very dismissed.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so sorry I let you down.
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe, and I really wanted to meet with you that that second time the week. I thought we had a great plan together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting worse.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: You had some excitement
Gwenevere Abriel: About having her backdrop
Gwenevere Abriel: And your mannequin in
Saraniah Aston: My business.
Gwenevere Abriel: are so good at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What can I do
Gwenevere Abriel: Did someone say you couldn't do it, or I mean you already know you sell things you're good at it.
Saraniah Aston: So,
Saraniah Aston: This is
Saraniah Aston: I give up.
Gwenevere Abriel: To remember you and I talked about keeping your eye on the goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I on getting your daughter's here. And then along the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's going to be distractions that pull
Gwenevere Abriel: Your attention away.
Gwenevere Abriel: But then ultimately
Saraniah Aston: The most of
Gwenevere Abriel: Us getting hurt.
Saraniah Aston: anymore. I don't care anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this one of this, you're feeling kind of hopeless right now.
Saraniah Aston: Of course they do.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is there a thought that is different than when we last met where there was kind of like excitement about hey I've got a plan. I'm going to do these things.
Gwenevere Abriel: What changed it did mom say something that just pulled the rug out from mom or your dad or your brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it me
Saraniah Aston: All the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the time.
Saraniah Aston: And then anybody, anybody
Saraniah Aston: Moodle. And then to feel like, Oh, I did something wrong. So that's why I speak English for it. That's exactly how it feels.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, can make some
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, falling apart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sardinia. If you only knew
Gwenevere Abriel: The truth is inside my mind. I love the idea of being able to see you twice a week, and I wish, I wish you were like, I wish I was a night person or I wish you were a morning person, so that you and I, we could be three times if there was money for it. I want to be here for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just don't know how to do it. Because sometimes it's not made a mistake. So in here, you're not bad or wrong. I forget things too.
Gwenevere Abriel: But sometimes you can't attend sessions like that thing that happened. That's a simple human error.
Gwenevere Abriel: A one from and who knows if you heard it through zoom
Gwenevere Abriel: You just, you just got muted to because someone probably texted, or tried to call you just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're muted.
Gwenevere Abriel: on my side.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your lady I
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I think we've got what it takes, because I want to be here and I think just more when you said I want more services.
Gwenevere Abriel: I about about every three days. Someone just texted you again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone wants to get a hold of you.
Saraniah Aston: I got you, I got you. I got
Gwenevere Abriel: sarnie I don't look at you, the way you look at you. I don't see you the same way I see you as a woman.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who wants to get into her strength wants to enjoy her natural talents wants to get her daughter here safe and enjoy being a mama. That's what I see. I am not angry with you. You're my client, I wouldn't be angry with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Agree.
Gwenevere Abriel: I totally get that it seems like it and the punishment piece. Maybe it's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it the medication that feels like the punishment.
Saraniah Aston: Or it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything.
Saraniah Aston: Having to deal with the people in the front desk.
published it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it.
Saraniah Aston: And I'm
Saraniah Aston: Like weeping in front of this woman.
Gwenevere Abriel: And still, she's not careful about what she says. And it sounds like she may have
Gwenevere Abriel: Represented if you can see now. It wasn't about the the text confirmation. The night before it was about just a missed appointment. So there was she she didn't communicate it well.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can't call you when I'm doing this right like this with someone else because they you know they need the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right undivided attention. So it's a pickle.
Gwenevere Abriel: I could have sworn that I called to
Saraniah Aston: I'd have to check your
Saraniah Aston: Phone on
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. I don't know what to do.
Saraniah Aston: Maybe there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you see if you've got some questions for me, like, like the ones you think you're not supposed to ask. Let's see, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you could
Gwenevere Abriel: Just ask me a real raw question like your core core question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or or say something to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean, if you think you're going to leave me anyway, then what the heck am I, well let me have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which I'm really going to not let you go, I want to keep you but you insist. I will. I'll do it, but I'm
Saraniah Aston: ever speak to patients just one time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. I can help. I can help. Here we go. The answer is you. Yes, he will. And this is what it could look like. This is the quickest, easiest way to do this and I forget to mention it because I think I assume everybody knows this, but that's a great one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, sometimes I'll say, and you can ask for this also. Hey, Dr. Solomon hey clients.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you guys need a breakout meeting with the doctor, let us know. Now, and he will send you a breakout invitation, you hit accept and you're going to go meet with him in a breakout meeting alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay yes then you and then he'll say, Okay, sorry I don't forget. You've got to go back into the meeting. And then you press another button and then boom, then you're back in with the whole group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, you can.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. And people forget that. You know how it is. And they're like, bam, bam, bam. Next person next person.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's all these things to get to you. Absolutely. And so the key word is. Can I have a breakout meeting with you Dr elements. And yes, the answer is yes. And not only that, certainly if you want to schedule an appointment with him individually.
Gwenevere Abriel: For whatever amount of time just say, Hey. Hey Doc, I want to schedule a one on one appointment with you.
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do both
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel a little better.
Saraniah Aston: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was hoping I'd be a useful piece of information.
Saraniah Aston: Or it is. I appreciate
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there more
Saraniah Aston: It's just that I told my entire family that I give up.
Saraniah Aston: Now I don't want to give up. I don't want to see me.
Saraniah Aston: Try good
Saraniah Aston: Boy, you idiot.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, not an idiot. Just getting back on track know this is hard work.
Gwenevere Abriel: This opiate is no joke. It's a tough one to kick. I gotta tell you, it wants to hang on tight. This is hard work you're doing. And this stuff that you and I do this is, this is only for
Gwenevere Abriel: Strong people to be able to talk directly to me the way you do this takes strength. Not everybody can do this the way you're hanging onto yourself right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know that. Do you know that strength that it takes you think all your friends could talk directly to the therapist and basically say, I don't want to work with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and let and be direct like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, that's your power.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do have what it takes, and I miss you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I got scared. I was scared. I was so scared. Today, Sonia. I was like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh, she's not going to be here. She's not going to be here. So I'm gonna be here, so I'm checking in a virtual clinic is she there she there she there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can't reach you, of course, right, because I'm thinking, and then I get this thing from you and and like maybe she will reach me. And so then I try. And then, of course, that didn't work. But I was in there asking about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so glad you're here.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, you're not going to look like a fool. You're not going to look like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And remember, it doesn't really matter. They're going to formulate their own opinion of what they think. No, it doesn't matter what you do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the end, aren't they just going to make up some story.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's most important what you think of you.
Saraniah Aston: I had an order a sale and I
Saraniah Aston: I had this printer and I wouldn't work and my brothers really good with printers and stuff like that. And I'm just sitting there like an hour struggling to get it to work.
Saraniah Aston: And my mom told me your brother said he would help. So I go over there and I sit down and I wait for him to help. I don't want to ask. I don't want to ask anything
Saraniah Aston: And I was waiting for another hour or so. And he didn't even move and I I confront it. And I asked, What the hell is wrong with it. And he said, No one asked me in the first place if I could help.
Saraniah Aston: So,
Saraniah Aston: It was my mom like again.
And
Saraniah Aston: But also it's him just can you see that struggling, like, and I'm drying so are
Saraniah Aston: So easy real
Saraniah Aston: But for me it's not
Saraniah Aston: So I can put the order and you
Gwenevere Abriel: owe money. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to remind you remind you, we want you to ask us, you're not a burden. We want to hear your questions. Your question just now about the doctor and a breakout meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's so reasonable he helped me hey bro. Can you help me with my printer mom said that you were interested in helping and he would look at you sideways and say yeah mom never talked to me about it and then you go, oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's my mom up to her gaslighting and or nonsense posture and nonsense. Well, aside from that, you know, her mom is I got my I got my first order and I'm so excited about it. But it really need help with this printer but sitting here trying to solve it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sweetheart, ask us
Gwenevere Abriel: Ask us ask your questions are completely reasonable you have not asked one question, not of me not of doctrine. It is reasonable.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're right. So you hold back from asking what you maybe if you gave yourself permission to ask the world to be there for you and ask for little things. It might have gone
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, Hey, do you have time to help me with my printer in the next hour or so but you deprive yourself of that. And then guess what you ended up doing, what the hell you see I'm suffering. Why don't you see then it's that
Gwenevere Abriel: But the first one, the one that came naturally to like I'm so frustrated. I wish I knew more about computers and printers, or whatever.
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: We like helping. Look, I have a skill set and assuring computers and when it comes to data, those people that know about technology.
Gwenevere Abriel: They get to feel smart when we ask them for help, they get to feel smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let them, let them do that. He gets to be of service, you've done plenty for him. He gets to enjoy helping you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Given that opportunity.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see that
Gwenevere Abriel: Was good to help someone and by asking for help. It gives them permission.
Gwenevere Abriel: They get to enjoy being the helper.
Gwenevere Abriel: But no, we won't naturally see how stressed, you are. And this is probably the big piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't know if you'll be able to come and take that in
Gwenevere Abriel: It may be really obvious to you how under stress, you are and how much help. And what you need. We on the outside. We don't actually know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: I do I'm there for the appointments. I mean, it's pretty rare that I did the thing I did on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: I keep them as best I can.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really wanted to see you. Because it sounded like we could pull this off twice a week. That's group. I thought it was going to be cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you think it's okay for you to ask for help.
Saraniah Aston: To ask my brother through
Gwenevere Abriel: Anybody, we could go with your brother. Sure.
Saraniah Aston: Because I was sitting there in front of him for an hour's Wrigley. And he knew it.
Saraniah Aston: So at that point.
Saraniah Aston: I just
Saraniah Aston: See here that he doesn't want it because he sees
Saraniah Aston: He sees me for a
Gwenevere Abriel: Short term yet. Listen, honey.
Gwenevere Abriel: He is the son of the same mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost major go nuts.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's the son of the same mother. You think he's not sitting there going like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: She can fucking ask me for help. She better just asked me directly. That's one version. We don't know what's going on in his head.
Gwenevere Abriel: He going through his own thing like
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what, I'm so sick and tired of people making me guess how they're feeling I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. He could be doing all kinds of who knows what in his head.
Gwenevere Abriel: That stuff he's working on. It's not intended, just to hurt you and let you down.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know he's struggling
Saraniah Aston: When we're done. I don't want to like
Saraniah Aston: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're just, you're just text him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All I'm doing right now is just kind of throwing out
Gwenevere Abriel: We never really know what's going on in someone's
Head.
Gwenevere Abriel: We do our best. We have this capacity as humans for empathy, but we never we can never really mind read
Gwenevere Abriel: And it would have been nice to have been rescued in that moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were so
Saraniah Aston: Frustrated with
Saraniah Aston: Me that no one will help me.
Saraniah Aston: Building my entire family is about
Saraniah Aston: Just watching each other, suffer.
Saraniah Aston: And especially my dad, he got in my face. The other day I was having an argument with my mother, and he got about three inches in front of my face. And again, same nasty I the
Saraniah Aston: Kid.
Saraniah Aston: Really and
Saraniah Aston: My mother just was angry at me. So she just last
Gwenevere Abriel: Year.
Saraniah Aston: I wrote them a letter.
Saraniah Aston: About my pain and then I wrote about what I saw my dad. I looked at him.
Saraniah Aston: And now he's completely ignoring me even though
Saraniah Aston: Our family, the way it is. We basically kill each other. And then we get over it on
Saraniah Aston: But for him.
Saraniah Aston: It's like, oh, I would die offending his ego or something. And now he completely ignores me, I yesterday I walked into my I rubbed his shoulders like you daddy. I don't I don't say, Daddy, I did it. And he just completely, completely ignored me I could feel
Saraniah Aston: He was just, it was like you grossed out and
Saraniah Aston: He's just a bastard manipulator.
Saraniah Aston: And he was taking around for a while and now he's getting off it, and it seems like he's getting a clear back or something like that.
Saraniah Aston: Is nastiness and started out
Saraniah Aston: At
Saraniah Aston: Just done like
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Just wish you were surrounded by loving kind people
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, me too.
Gwenevere Abriel: So looking forward to to this idea of you, right, I mean, you've got an order and you know all that was was we didn't double check the printer.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then family dynamics happened but this has nothing to do with your work. You are a badass when it comes to the selling of these clothes. We just needed a skill set.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up on you, it's right, it's right there. It's just I swear your thing is like right around the corner.
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting this business going, which you're already. It's already was already moving forward. The universe said yes, yes, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish I was a little voice in your head, and you could remember what would Wednesday I brother right now I
Gwenevere Abriel: Wish I could be a little voice in your head. It would assure you that it's really truly okay to ask a direct question for help. Hey, can you help me with my
Gwenevere Abriel: Printer. I just got my
Gwenevere Abriel: Order and I'm so excited.
Gwenevere Abriel: let him answer. He's accountable for his response. Maybe he wants to be a turkey and be passive aggressive and withhold HELP AND GUESS WHAT BUSINESS, BUT YOU COULD class. I wish I was a little voice in your head.
Saraniah Aston: Afraid. As a result, I don't really get worth it.
Saraniah Aston: I feel worthless to
Gwenevere Abriel: Me, I couldn't do what you're doing. That is not true. You know exactly what you want to do, you do it and it got done that we are supposed to know there's whole technical fields on how to operate those stupid machines. They've got job titles and they're paid a bunch of money.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not supposed to know everything about everything in this life, maybe we get really good at one or two things. Well, aren't we amazing and rock stars.
Gwenevere Abriel: GOOD AT EVERYTHING. That's why we have each other to you've got this this skill set. I've got this skill set will help you do this, do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, supposed to be awesome and everything, but your family. Don't you were asking from a family member and guys have this kind of right you want each other to hurt. So then there's this weird thing going on.
Saraniah Aston: Which gotten the way but
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not another value.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not you
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Just curious, is there anyone else outside brother. Maybe, maybe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe he could still get it together. We available to you if you asked.
Gwenevere Abriel: Directly to this checks you thought about, but is there anybody else that's kind of like tech savvy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Knows
Saraniah Aston: My father
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you guys
Saraniah Aston: Only my mom's my mom's here for
Saraniah Aston: A good hour on trying to figure it out for me. I'm sitting here wondering where's my brother.
Saraniah Aston: But didn't know that she had never asked him for help. She told me that she is like why do that.
Saraniah Aston: Why do you miss I'm being
Dynamic
Gwenevere Abriel: Be drama.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, but you have the answer. You don't have to keep asking why it's about accepting. That's what she is and you meet with me. You come in here and we can talk about how that twists to up inside
Gwenevere Abriel: And we can get relief from it and you can go back to knock out your to do list and not letting the craziness saturate to your soul, keeping it at a distance you were, you were right there with it. You had an order of just like I'm so excited.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Just know
Saraniah Aston: It was like, I wrote my own heart. What I
Gwenevere Abriel: Did but they heal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sarah Nia hearts. They do he'll they heal.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are worth it.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you were to text your brother something and no longer having to worry about. Why does the family do this, you already do. He told me what what's your family does. We all want to walk together suffer.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to analyze it anymore. That might not be the Brady Bunch family that you kind of thought it might be, but there it is and
Gwenevere Abriel: Not going to change it overnight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, if the reality of the thing is that nobody's going to come
Gwenevere Abriel: Through my ears are messing with me. Nobody's going to come. This is the hard part to swallow for all of us, by the way, no one's going to come and rescue me
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to speak.
Gwenevere Abriel: It may seem abundantly obvious somebody rescue me. I'm in so much distress somebody
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got a risk asking
Gwenevere Abriel: Risk it
Saraniah Aston: Support
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're so close.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could you do something today that get back back to this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Printer right there. It's right around the corner.
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Saraniah Aston: Would you do
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so now this would be me. I would get a read a temperature of my brother, I'd be like, Okay. Is he being an asshole right now. Right. I'd be like, get a temperature reading
Gwenevere Abriel: And you'd be able to use register that I'd be like, Okay, see being passive aggressive or not. If he's not
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd be like, hey, listen, I was expecting someone to kind of noticed that I was really upset over the printer. But mom couldn't help and I thought maybe you would notice
Gwenevere Abriel: I nobody did and how to give up for a second, but I really want this my no one was really close, but I need some help with the printer. Do you have any time today, or you could skip the whole front half
Gwenevere Abriel: And just say hey, time to look at the printer with me today. And then he'll say yes or no.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you get no do not take it personally. Sometimes the universe says no, we don't sit here and analyze it. We go over too well then I'm calling tech support.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you need to text me to vent and say I fn brother is a selfish Baba, Baba, though, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you say it, and then you get back on track. And then we go into problem solving mode, then we call it the tech support. And it might just be that your printers broken and so all y'all are going through all this. And it turns out it's broke
Gwenevere Abriel: And then it's next plan and maybe it's okay now I need money. I gotta say I gotta get a printer.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you need it. If you just send me an email, send me just to get it get it out, great, but backing into solution, but no analysis of that, it's you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know analysis.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of the family. THAT'S THE BONE CRUSHING soul wrenching reality of a hurting family.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to keep hurting and Telehealth and it right now. You're the only one that's working on the healing so
Gwenevere Abriel: None of it. Take none of it personally do no analysis. Just thought stopping. Nobody can analyze this, what is it that I want. I want help with the printer. If I can't get it for my brother, because he said no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where can get yet tech support. Okay, no problem solving mode that didn't work, their clothes. I have to pick it up only online. I'll go YouTube. I'll go bookable analyze this printer. Is this a common error in it. What would, what would normally. Okay, I need to get another one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Or maybe I need to borrow one from someone else or go over to someone else and I need to use theirs. I'm going to get this order.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because all you had was this this technology.
Saraniah Aston: I have to accept that as loss that I kind of Jay and myself and wait for the next one to roll around which will happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: But while you're waiting, guess what.
Saraniah Aston: Fix the printer.
Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: Yes. Well, I don't have to go through it again. Yeah, you're right.
Gwenevere Abriel: All that is is we troubleshoot so we look ahead and go okay, what could go wrong. What could go wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have a supplies. Am I gonna be able to mail it at the post office money for the shipping. Do I have all the patty mature you do I have everything right where it kind of go up, up, up, up, up. And you already have that brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: This piece which is dependent on someone else's skill set and I hate it, too. I feel so powerless because
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm like, That's not my skill set, like I like being independent I like asking for help either. But shine on people's face when I ask, Oh yes, yes, because I'm giving I give what I give I have my things that I give. And when I asked it. Can't wait. Yes, yes, yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yes.
Saraniah Aston: I'll try it.
Gwenevere Abriel: When do we get to meet again.
Saraniah Aston: Oh, I don't know, whenever, whenever you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me tell you what is coming up for me. We are in week may 29
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell you what, I have open just move someone I met with her today at seven. Could you do
Gwenevere Abriel: It again on to do you have the money to do next Friday.
Saraniah Aston: Yes.
at 10am
Saraniah Aston: Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So may 29 10am if you check in by 945 I'll see it and I'll go. She's here. Awesome. And then because we could follow up with this right away.
Gwenevere Abriel: You what I'm saying.
Saraniah Aston: And yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can tell me in short term when your ideas are shit.
Saraniah Aston: I couldn't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I cried. I couldn't remember to even breathe. You don't understand. I'm not going to be angry if you criticize this stuff my yet how hard this is for you.
Saraniah Aston: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going anywhere. I want to be here when you've given up on you. I'm right here.
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Saraniah Aston: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I and I watched your texts. And I'm like, I can tell she doesn't know I'm still here. I can tell by the way you write
Gwenevere Abriel: What if I brought you this baby I'm right here. What if I got away with that. Could I do that. And would you feel supported
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay and
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I'm going to do that. That's going to be that. That way you'll feel that containment of there's someone out there in the universe that can contain my fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: My, my uncertainty. My hopelessness, there's someone out there and
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I'm going to say
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, but you got it. But you got to use me and
Gwenevere Abriel: I will because I won't be able to do other things. I can't analyze some content that you go into I'll just say, do you like the baby thing. Does that feel condescending or supportive
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. I like it too. Okay, so, baby. I'm right here for you. I'm right here. It's gonna be okay. It's gonna be like that. Okay.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, yeah, that's all I need really
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can do it, you can do it in 20 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: You can do it in 10 minutes from now.
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now here's
Gwenevere Abriel: A problem. So here's the problem. I don't know if I'm going to get the text.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me give you my email to. Okay, write this down.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so if you take this first name of mine with the G and then you pop it in with April and it spells Gabriel
Gwenevere Abriel: Gabriel at
Gwenevere Abriel: The at sign
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's all one word name of the company right heart health.com
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Saraniah Aston: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're welcome. I know my client was here and he left again. I better jump on 13
Gwenevere Abriel: Better talk with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we've got a plan. And we get to meet soon if if shift starts hitting the fan, then let me know, because if I happen to be free. I will say, do you want to meet. And if I offer something
Saraniah Aston: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean it it's not an empty or offer. If I say, hey, are you free in the next blah, blah, blah. I mean it. It's not fluff I
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean, I've looked at my schedule. I've looked at other obligations and I am I can give that
Gwenevere Abriel: I won't offer something unless I can actually give it
Saraniah Aston: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So proud of you. I can hardly stand it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Brave certainly
Gwenevere Abriel: You could you couldn't get thrown your hands up at this, you didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: You kicked ass again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay text, find out what his answer is in real time and then on to the next solution. And you can reach out to me and I'm right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not try that email to and you can always go to heart health and saying, what's going through his email. I need a writer. Okay.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, Ernie
Gwenevere Abriel: See you Friday.
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take care. Bye bye.